## Daily Dictation

Mother Tu \* Who received Nobel Peace Prize for her work on behalf of die and poor people in India. She was 87 years old.

Mother Teresa, who received a Nobel Peace Prize for her work on behalf of the poor, dies in Calcutta, India - She war 87 years old.

## News

The third most powerful elected politician in the us-government just lost his job. While many of decision for avoid govern shut down he just pay for high
personal prise , the California-Republican lost captial vote remove from his house speaker he have GOP they speaker his first place
The survival

The third most powerful elected politician in the US government just lost his job. While many on Capitol Hill applauded Kevin McCarthy's decision to forge a compromise and avoid a government shutdown, he just paid a high personal price. The California Republican lost a pivotal vote and was removed from the role of House Speaker in an unprecedented demonstration of the power his far-right opponents wield over the GOP. They had warned McCarthy to abide by their demands over the budget face-off or suffer the consequences--laid out in the terms of the deal that made him Speaker in the first place.
To survive the fallout, McCarthy would have had to ink a last-minute alliance with skeptical Democrats, but it was not to be. In the end, he was unable to negotiate with either side to keep his gavel. Now, with no clear successor and half of the legislative branch of the US government in disarray, the chances of avoiding a shutdown when the current deal ends are shrinking.

## New Words

politician <Audio src="https://dictionary.blob.core.chinacloudapi.cn/media/audio/tom/39/c0/39C0CC6471E1A4A489DCB5B39393115E.mp3" />
applaud
forge
compromise
pay a price (to)
pivotal
unprecedented
demonstration
opponents
wield over
abide
face-off
consequence
laid out in the terms of the deal
fallout
ink
alliance
skeptical
negotiate
gavel
successor
legislative
disarray
